# NFTCG Rules

### Game Decription
NFTCG is a trading card game that turns any NFT into an AI (Aritifcial Inteligence) generated Avatar and deck consisting of cards created from the the NFT and NFT collection traits. Players will have the option of of seleceting various inputs to influence the theme, style, and overall gameply. The possible combinations of cards for an NFT with just 10 different traits is <*N*> different combinations, ensuring a unique and fun game experience each time. A record of each deck is stored on the blockchain, and can be used again for future use.

The goal of the game is to reduce the opposing Avatar's health to 0. Each player begins the game with with their Avatar deployed to the battlefield. Each Avatar will have 2 special abilites based on its traits. One is available immediately, and the other becomes available once health is below 10%. A deck of 50 cards is generated for each player. All abilites for the Avatar and each card in all decks are generated by AI.

### Gameplay
1. Decks loaded and Avatars deployed.
2. Each Avatar has a home-field location and one is randomly selected for the battle destination.
3. The game progresses over a serious of turns, where each player uses actions to perform moves.
4. The player who owns the current location acts first each turn, and can perform a number of actions up to the number of action counters their Avatar has. A player can elect to skip an action. Once two players skip in a row, a new turn begins.
5. At the start of each turn, each player draws a cards and replenishes their action counters.



